src/content/posts/competition.md, before:

---
title: "Formation: Competition (Optional)"
description: "meta description"
date: 2023-11-05T08:00:00Z
image: ""
categories: ["intentions"]
authors: ["Ben Schultz"]
tags: ["everyday", "formation", "counter-formation"]
draft: false
---

## In Short

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Our reality

Our avocation is highly competitive, with ourselves (past, present, and future) and with others. Cycling at its pinnacle, like most sports, revolves around the competition of professional athletes on the world stage. Competition can bring out sides of us that we typically don’t engage, both positive and negative, and can ask for sacrifices of us that we don’t normally consider.

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Practices

### Baseline practice

As a baseline practice we commit to:

-

### Reach practices

As reach practices, many of us aspire to:

Commit message:

updated meta data for some posts

src/content/posts/competition.md, after:

---
title: "Intention: Competition (Optional)"
description: "How do Christian athletes engage in competition and to what end? Can competition build us up in our faith and spirituality and in what ways should we be on our guard?"
authors: ["Ben Schultz"]
date: 2023-11-05T08:00:00Z
last update: 2023-11-09T11:00:00Z
image: ""
categories: ["intentions"]
tags: ["formation", "counter-formation", "bike race", "bike racer"]
draft: false
---

## In Short

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Our reality

Our avocation is highly competitive, with ourselves (past, present, and future) and with others. Cycling at its pinnacle, like most sports, revolves around the competition of professional athletes on the world stage. Competition can bring out sides of us that we typically don’t engage, both positive and negative, and can ask for sacrifices of us that we don’t normally consider.

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Practices

### Baseline practice

As a baseline practice we commit to:

-

### Reach practices

As reach practices, many of us aspire to:
