src/content/posts/enjoyment.md, before:

---
title: "Formation: Enjoyment"
description: "meta description"
date: 2023-11-05T08:00:00Z
image: ""
categories: ["intentions"]
authors: ["Ben Schultz"]
tags: ["everyday", "formation", "counter-formation"]
draft: false
---

## In Short

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Our reality

Our avocation can be incredibly fun, full of joy, enjoyable. We get to play on bicycles, outside with our friends, with a freedom that often escapes us in other areas of our lives. We get to see beautiful landscapes, experience a connection between our bodies and the earth through a machine crafted by technology and expertise, by an entire industry. We can also take ourselves too seriously - in our following of the rules of the elite, or just in trying to be like those around us that we look up to. We can focus so much of training plans, FTP, W/kg, performance, fitness, and gear, forgetting that one of the main reasons we bike is because we enjoy biking.

Instead of taking ourselves too seriously we practice humility through regularly riding with a ride range of cyclists.

## Practices

### Baseline

As a baseline practice we commit to:

-

### Reach

As reach practices, many of us aspire to:

-

Commit message:

updated meta data for some posts

src/content/posts/enjoyment.md, after:

---
title: "Intention: Enjoyment"
description: "Can we, as cyclists, be regularly reminded of the beauty and enjoyment of our sport?"
authors: ["Ben Schultz"]
date: 2023-11-05T08:00:00Z
last update: 2023-11-09T11:00:00Z
image: ""
categories: ["intentions"]
tags: ["formation", "counter-formation", "joy of cycling"]
stage: ["Sapling"]
draft: false
---

## In Short

Instead of {cultural norm}, we practice {counter-formational idea}. We commit to {counter-formational activity}

## Our reality

Our avocation can be incredibly fun, full of joy, enjoyable. We get to play on bicycles, outside with our friends, with a freedom that often escapes us in other areas of our lives. We get to see beautiful landscapes, experience a connection between our bodies and the earth through a machine crafted by technology and expertise, by an entire industry. We can also take ourselves too seriously - in our following of the rules of the elite, or just in trying to be like those around us that we look up to. We can focus so much of training plans, FTP, W/kg, performance, fitness, and gear, forgetting that one of the main reasons we bike is because we enjoy biking.

Instead of taking ourselves too seriously we practice humility through regularly riding with a ride range of cyclists.

## Practices

### Baseline

As a baseline practice we commit to:

-

### Reach

As reach practices, many of us aspire to:

-
