src/content/posts/for-commuting-by-bike.md, before:

---
title: "For Commuting by Bike"
description: "How can I turn an inconvenience into a positive experience?"
date: 2023-08-30
image: ""
categories: ["liturgies"]
author: ["Ben Schultz"]
tags: ["everyday", "gratitude", "grace", "on a ride", "commute by bike"]
draft: false
---

What a blessing!  
To use this body I have been gifted to move,  
To traverse A to B at a reflective pace,  
To experience fresh air and an elevated state.

What a blessing!  
To get to know this route,  
To experience the roads, paths, neighborhoods, cities, countrysides;  
To be a trail of light each day through this small piece of the world and the people along this path.

I ask for safe passage, kind conditions, attentive and courteous drivers,  
And for this time riding to bring my heart into a place  
Where I am ready to offer my best to my work,  
Not as a sacrifice of myself to a career,  
But as an expression of love for the people I work with,
For the job I get to do each day,  
For the clients, customers, and people I have the honor of serving.

Commit message:

updated metadata - correctly this time

src/content/posts/for-commuting-by-bike.md, after:

---
title: "For Commuting by Bike"
description: "A ride to and from work can be strictly transportation. Is there a way to transform this time into something special which prepares me for the challenges and experiences of my work ahead?"
author: ["Ben Schultz"]
date: 2023-08-30
last update: 2023-11-09
image: ""
categories: ["liturgies"]
tags: ["everyday", "gratitude", "grace", "on a ride", "commute by bike"]
stage: ["Sapling"]
draft: false
---

What a blessing!  
To use this body I have been gifted to move,  
To traverse A to B at a reflective pace,  
To experience fresh air and an elevated state.

What a blessing!  
To get to know this route,  
To experience the roads, paths, neighborhoods, cities, countrysides;  
To be a trail of light each day through this small piece of the world and the people along this path.

I ask for safe passage, kind conditions, attentive and courteous drivers,  
And for this time riding to bring my heart into a place  
Where I am ready to offer my best to my work,  
Not as a sacrifice of myself to a career,  
But as an expression of love for the people I work with,
For the job I get to do each day,  
For the clients, customers, and people I have the honor of serving.
